Assorted README updates (#1250)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

   invocation that it echoes.

6. In Zenhub, move all tickets from the pipeline representing the source
   deployment of the promotion to the pipeline representing the target
   deployment.

7. In the case that you need to reindex run the manual `reindex` job on the 
   Gitlab pipeline representing the most recent build on the current branch.

> 8. Once reindexing is complete announce this in the #data-wranging Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once reindexing is complete announce this in the #dcp-ops Slack
```

> 8. Once reindexing is complete announce this in the #data-wranging Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once reindexing is complete announce this in the #data-wrangling Slack
```
or `#dcp-ops` if we no longer need to notify `#data-wrangling`

Author: Good catch but this section will soon be removed by @jessebrennan.

Author: Actually it had already been removed so my latest push does not have that change.
